aha I'm Abigail of expertise and I have
a product review for you today and today
is a cosmetic item from the cosmetic
company called tart which is an
all-natural
vegan organic makeup line which you've
probably heard of you can find it at
Sephora and Ulta charge com if you want
to choose to order it straight from the
source but other than that pretty much
need to find one of this big-box beauty
stores so if you don't have one near you
definitely check it out online i'm
sephora of course offers free shipping
so that's pretty cool
so today's product is tarte smooth
operator Amazonian clay waterproof
concealer this is what it looks like as
you can see the packaging is very sleek
and love the look of this not a lot of
excess packaging so it is pretty
eco-friendly it's got kind of a an
enameled kind of thick enameled metal
outer casing on it with a gold-tone top
and around the bottom and this is one of
those stick types that rolls up like
this so kind of like a little mini
lipstick it's very narrow about a
quarter of an inch wide and it lasts a
pretty good amount of time I use
concealer every day so I go through it
pretty quickly but it lasted pretty good
and overall I love this concealer it's
one of my favorites definitely a couple
of the highlights of this product are
that well it is really expensive but
other than that I don't really find
gifts over the head lids or that it's a
really thick formula so if you're
looking for something to cover blemishes
this works really well you don't want
something that's light or creamy or
liquidy because you need it to be really
opaque so it's better if you have
something more like a paste this is a
very thick formula I mean you can tell
because it's in a stick if it's able to
stand up like that then you know it's a
really stiff formula so that's what
you're going for but I also use this
under my eyes and I think it works
really well so one of the advantages of
this kind of shape is that you don't
need a brush with it so I just dot it
under my eyes and then take my fingers
and smooth it out a little bit and
that's pretty much in you can also dot
it on blemishes but I will sometimes
just take
small brush and dot it read on the end
of this and apply it like that and works
really well so a lot versatility in
terms of the design but having it really
a thick paste like that works really
well also I'm putting it under my eyes
because it's not too liquidy it doesn't
settle into creases at all which is
really nice and then the other thing I
love about this you know I'm always
talking about on here how hard it is to
find makeup that will match a very fair
complexion I'm sure not all of you have
this issue but if you are a fair skinned
girl like I am then this is something
that's gonna really help so I have the
lightest shade which is called fair and
as you can see is very fair so you've
been holding it up to my own skin it
looks almost like it would be too light
but it's perfect absolutely perfect and
I know you hear a lot of beauty advice
that under your eyes you want something
a little bit more orangie or salmon
toned if you have really pale skin that
just doesn't work it come across as too
orange or too pink on your skin if
you're going for salmon colored so this
I find roots really well across the
board
I am trying out another concealer right
now from bare minerals so I'll give you
probably a an update on that in the next
couple of weeks but really just doesn't
even compare with this one it's such a
great formula so thick so okay which is
awesome so many concealers you put them
on and you can just see right through it
so this has been really really great it
is expensive but on that I have
absolutely no complaint so if you've
tried this definitely leave a comment in
the section below
let me know what you think but I loved
it so so I have for you today definitely
subscribe if you want to hear more about
vegan beauty advice and I will see you
in the next video Allah
you